Remove kube2e dep from test/kubernetes/e2e (#10587)
kgateway-dev/kgateway: test/README.md

> Gloo Edge is built to integrate with a user's environment. By enabling users to select their preferred tools for scheduling, persistence, and security, we must ensure that we have end-to-end tests to validate these scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kgateway is built to integrate with a user's environment. By enabling users to select their preferred tools for scheduling, persistence, and security, we must ensure that we have end-to-end tests to validate these scenarios.
```

We support the following types of end-to-end tests:
- [In Memory end-to-end](./e2e#in-memory-end-to-end-tests)
- [Kubernetes end-to-end](./kube2e#kubernetes-end-to-end-tests)
- [Consul/Vault end-to-end](./consulvaulte2e)
- [In Memory end-to-end](./e2e)
- [Kubernetes end-to-end](./kubernetes/e2e)

## CI
Each test suite may run on different infrastructure. Refer to the README of each test suite for more information.

## Performance tests

> Our tests include some performance tests which variably guard against regressions in performance or validate decisions made to choose one algorithm over others.

Author: i believe these tests were deleted

Reviewer 2: I was under the impression we disabled the suite but didn't delete the suite. At least, that's what https://github.com/kgateway-dev/kgateway/blob/90f2a15ad2aca56ef9c1f136e5fef1483637abb2/.github/workflows/nightly-tests.yaml#L252-L262 was implying.

Author: i couldn't find any tests labeled with `performance` / `Performance` or any calls to the `Measure` functions mentioned in the readme (although i could have missed it, can you double check?)
